Update index.md (#13033)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/ingress/secure-ingress/index.md

Finally, follow [these instructions](/docs/tasks/traffic-management/ingress/ingress-control/#determining-the-ingress-ip-and-ports)
to set the `INGRESS_HOST` and `SECURE_INGRESS_PORT` variables for accessing the gateway.

{{< tip >}}

> Note that for some cloud like AWS, you may get INGRESS_HOST like: `ab52747ba608744d8afd530ffd975cbf-330887905.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com`, you have to convert it to IP in this task:

Author: ```suggestion
For some cloud like AWS, you may get INGRESS_HOST with domain: `ab52747ba608744d8afd530ffd975cbf-330887905.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com`, you have to convert it to IP in this task:
```

    $ echo "INGRESS_HOST=$INGRESS_HOST, SECURE_INGRESS_PORT=$SECURE_INGRESS_PORT"
    {{< /text >}}

> *   For some cloud like AWS, you may get `INGRESS_HOST` with domain.
>     You need convert it to IP:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Make sure the value of `INGRESS_HOST` is an IP address. In some cloud platforms, e.g., AWS, you may
     get a domain name, instead. This task expects an IP address, so you will need to convert it with commands
     similar to the following:
```
